<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_w55_z5b_dt">
 <title>Generate XLIFF Files</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Use the following parameters to generate XLIFF files for a project from the command line:</p>
  <table>
   <tgroup cols="4">
    <colspec colwidth="20*" align="center"/>
    <colspec colwidth="15*" align="center"/>
    <colspec colwidth="50*" align="left"/>
    <colspec colwidth="15*" align="center"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Parameter</entry>
      <entry>Value</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
      <entry>Required</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry translate="no">-generateXLIFF</entry>
      <entry>JSON file</entry>
      <entry>Full path to a <xref href="../glossaries/JSON.dita">JSON</xref> file containing the
       data required for generating XLIFF files.</entry>
      <entry>Yes</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry translate="no">-verbose</entry>
      <entry/>
      <entry>Selects whether progress information is logged or not in stdout.</entry>
      <entry>No</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <p>Example:</p>
  <codeblock translate="no">fluenta_cli.cmd -generateXLIFF genXLIFF.json -verbose </codeblock>
  <p>Where the content of <filepath>genXLIFF.json</filepath> should be like:</p>

  <codeblock translate="no" outputclass="language-json">{
    "id": 12345678,
    "xliffFolder": "C:\\sample data\\XLIFF",
    "tgtLang": [
        "es",
        "fr"
    ],
    "ditaval": "C:\\sample data\\filter.ditaval",
    "useICE": true,
    "modifiedFilesOnly": true,
    "useTM": true,
    "generateCount": false,
    "version": 2.0,
    "paragraph": false,
    "ignoreTrackedChanges": false,
    "ignoreSVG": true,
    "embedSkeleton": false
}
</codeblock>
  <section>
   <title>JSON Value Pairs</title>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="4">
     <colspec colwidth="20*" align="center"/>
     <colspec colwidth="15*" align="center"/>
     <colspec colwidth="50*" align="left"/>
     <colspec colwidth="15*" align="center"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Member</entry>
       <entry>Data Type</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Required</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">id</entry>
       <entry>Number</entry>
       <entry>Project identifier</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">xliffFolder</entry>
       <entry>String</entry>
       <entry>Path to the folder where XLIFF files and optional word counts should be stored</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">tgtLang</entry>
       <entry>String Array</entry>
       <entry>An array containing the target languages for the XLIFF files</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">ditaval</entry>
       <entry>String</entry>
       <entry>Path to a .ditaval file for filtering the content to be extracted</entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">useICE</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects wheteher existing ICE matches should be reused. Default
        <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">modifiedFilesOnly</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects wether topics that have not changed since the last translation cycle should be
        included in the generated XLIFF files. Default value: <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">useTM</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects whether translation memories should be used. Default value:
         <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">generateCount</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects whether word counts should be generated. Default value:
        <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">version</entry>
       <entry>String</entry>
       <entry>Selects the version of XLIFF to generate. Values: <codeph>1.2</codeph>,
         <codeph>2.0</codeph> or <codeph>2.1</codeph>. Default value: <codeph>2.0</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">paragraph</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects wether paragraph segmentation should be used instead of sentence segmentation.
        Default value: <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">ignoreTrackedChanges</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects wether tracked changes from Oxygen XML Editor should be ignored. Default
        value: <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">ignoreSVG</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects wether translatable SVG files should be ignored when generating XLIFF. Default
        value: <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry translate="no">embedSkeleton</entry>
       <entry>Boolean</entry>
       <entry>Selects whether skeletons should be embedded in the generated XLIFF files, allowing
        conversion back to DITA in any computer using <xref
         href="https://www.maxprograms.com/products/openxliff.html" format="html" scope="external"
         >OpenXLIFF Filters</xref> or <xref
         href="https://www.maxprograms.com/products/xliffmanager.html" format="html"
         scope="external">XLIFF Manager</xref>. Default value: <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>

     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
